# Feature name

* Proposal: [NNNNNNNN](NNNNNNNN-filename.md)
* Bug: *if applicable* [fang-ling/xxx-kit#NNNNN](https://github.com/fang-ling/xxx-kit/issues/NNNNN)
* Implementation: [fang-ling/xxx-kit#NNNNN](https://github.com/fang-ling/xxx-kit/pull/NNNNN)
* Previous Revision: *if applicable* [1](https://github.com/fang-ling/evolution/blob/...commit-ID.../Proposals/NNNNNNNN-filename.md)

When filling out this template, you should delete or replace all of
the text except for the section headers and the header fields above.
For example, you should delete everything from this paragraph down to
the Introduction section below.

As a proposal author, you should fill out all of the header fields.
Delete any header fields marked *if applicable* that are not applicable
to your proposal.

When sharing a link to the proposal while it is still a PR, be sure
to share a live link to the proposal, not an exact commit, so that
readers will always see the latest version when you make changes.
On GitHub, you can find this link by browsing the PR branch: from the
PR page, click the "username wants to merge ... from username:my-branch-name"
link and find the proposal file in that branch.

`Bug` should be used when this proposal is fixing a bug with significant
discussion in the bug report.  It is not necessary to link bugs that do
not contain significant discussion or that merely duplicate discussion
linked somewhere else.  Do not link bugs from private bug trackers.

`Implementation` should link to the PR(s) implementing the feature.
If the proposal has not been implemented yet, or if it simply codifies
existing behavior, just say that.  If the implementation
is spread across multiple PRs, link to all of them.

`Previous Revision` should be added after a major substantive revision of a
proposal that has seen significant development and refinement. It links to the
previous revision.  It is not necessary to add or update this field after minor
editorial changes.

## Summary of changes

Briefly describe what this proposal would change so that readers can decide
whether it's relevant to them. **Use no more than 50 words (the length of
this paragraph).** This text should be appropriate for out-of-context
display in proposal lists; it doesn't need to flow into the next section.

Example:

> Redesigns the `ExpressibleByStringInterpolation` protocol to improve its
> performance and clarity, and to allow custom string interpolations to use
> stricter types, multiple arguments, and argument labels.

## Motivation

Describe the problems that this proposal seeks to address. If the
problem is that some common pattern is currently hard to express, show
how one can currently get a similar effect and describe its
drawbacks. If it's completely new functionality that cannot be
emulated, motivate why this new functionality would help developers create
better code.

If you need to provide technical background, summarize past work in this area,
justify the seriousness of the problem, or just generally clear your throat
before getting into the thick of things, this is usually the place to do it.

## Proposed solution

Describe your solution to the problem. Provide examples and describe
how they work. Show how your solution is better than current
workarounds: is it cleaner, safer, or more efficient?

This section doesn't have to be comprehensive.  Focus on the most
important parts of the proposal and make arguments about why the
proposal is better than the status quo.

## Detailed design

Describe the design of the solution in detail. Show the full API and its
documentation comments detailing what it does. The detail in this section
should be sufficient for someone who is *not* one of the authors to be able
to reasonably implement the feature.

## Source compatibility

Describe the impact of this proposal on source compatibility.  As a
general rule, all else being equal, downstream code that worked in previous
releases of the tools should work in new releases.  That means both that
it should continue to build and that it should continue to behave
dynamically the same as it did before.  Changes that cannot satisfy
this must be opt-in, generally by requiring a new major release.

This is not an absolute guarantee, and the we will consider intentional
compatibility breaks if their negative impact can be shown to be small
and the current behavior is causing substantial problems in practice.

For proposals that affect the library, consider the impact on existing
clients.  If clients provide a similar API, will type-checking find
the right one?  If the feature overloads an existing API, is it problematic
that existing users of that API might start resolving to the new API?

## Implications on adoption

The compatibility sections above are focused on the direct impact
of the proposal on existing code.  In this section, describe issues
that intentional adopters of the proposal should be aware of.

For proposals that add features to the library, consider whether the
features require  a new version of the library or language runtime?
Be conservative: if you're hoping to support back-deployment, but you
can't guarantee it at the time of review, just say that the feature
requires a new version.

Consider also the impact on library adopters of those features.  Can
adopting this feature in a library break source for users of the library?
If a library adopts the feature, can it be *un*-adopted later without
breaking source? Will package authors be able to selectively adopt
this feature depending on the tools version available, or will it
require bumping the minimum tools version required by the package?

If there are no concerns to raise in this section, leave it in with
text like "This feature can be freely adopted and un-adopted in source
code with no deployment constraints and without affecting source
compatibility."

## Future directions

Describe any interesting proposals that could build on this proposal
in the future.  This is especially important when these future
directions inform the design of the proposal, for example by making
sure an attribute encodes enough information to be used for other
purposes.

The rest of the proposal should generally not talk about future
directions except by referring to this section.  It is important
not to confuse reviewers about what is covered by this specific
proposal.  If there's a larger vision that needs to be explained
in order to understand this proposal, consider starting a discussion
thread on the forums to capture your broader thoughts.

Avoid making affirmative statements in this section, such as "we
will" or even "we should".  Describe the proposals neutrally as
possibilities to be considered in the future.

Consider whether any of these future directions should really just
be part of the current proposal.  It's important to make focused,
self-contained proposals that can be incrementally implemented and
reviewed, but it's also good when proposals feel "complete" rather
than leaving significant gaps in their design.

## Alternatives considered

Describe alternative approaches to addressing the same problem.
This is an important part of most proposal documents.  Reviewers
are often familiar with other approaches prior to review and may
have reasons to prefer them.  This section is your first opportunity
to try to convince them that your approach is the right one, and
even if you don't fully succeed, you can help set the terms of the
conversation and make the review a much more productive exchange
of ideas.

You should be fair about other proposals, but you do not have to
be neutral; after all, you are specifically proposing something
else.  Describe any advantages these alternatives might have, but
also be sure to explain the disadvantages that led you to prefer
the approach in this proposal.

## Acknowledgments

If significant changes or improvements suggested by members of the
community were incorporated into the proposal as it developed, take a
moment here to thank them for their contributions.

Generally, you should not acknowledge anyone who is listed as a
co-author or as the review manager.
